Add teacher feedback for lesson 7 (#28)
ReDI-School/nrw-html-and-css-2021-spring: teacher/ImprovementIdeas.md

- Using Github Classrooms as a way to manage student's assignments, homework, exercises, etc. (Tutorial https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXWXg68KpTY)
- Measuring somehow students motivation in the first classes
- Assigning experienced teachers for the first few classes so that we spark the motivation and joy in students.

> - I recoomend that we consider an Online Code Editor like [CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io) for students to write code during the class, becuase it is easier for the teacher to see their progress in real time that way compared to screen sharing. (Seun)

Author: ```suggestion
- I recommend that we use an Online Code Editor like [CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io) in class for students to write code. It is easier for the teacher to see their progress in real time that way compared to screen sharing. (Seun)
```
